JavaScript folder: update README.md (#24109)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/README.md

# JavaScript

> This folder contains lesson markdown files that make up the JavaScript course. This course exists in the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript?/) path on the Odin Project Website.

Reviewer: JavaScript path exists in the Full Stack Ruby on Rails path as well:
```suggestion
This folder contains lesson markdown files that make up the JavaScript course. This course exists in the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript?/) and the [Full Stack Ruby on Rails](add_link_here) paths on the Odin Project Website.
```

4. [Async and Await](asynchronous_javascript_and_apis/async_and_await.md)
5. [**Project: Weather App**](asynchronous_javascript_and_apis/project_weather_app.md)
### Testing JavaScript
1. [Testing Basics](testing_javascript/testing_basics.md)
2. [**Project: Testing Practice**](testing_javascript/project_testing_practice.md)
3. [More Testing](testing_javascript/more_testing.md)
4. [**Project: Battleship**](testing_javascript/project_battleship.md)
### React JS
1. [React Introduction](react_js/react_introduction.md)
2. [State and Props](react_js/state_and_props.md)
3. [Handle Inputs and Render Lists](react_js/handle_inputs_and_render_lists.md)
4. [**Project: CV Application**](react_js/project_cv_application.md)
5. [Lifecycle Methods](react_js/lifecycle_methods.md)
6. [Hooks](react_js/hooks.md)
7. [**Project: Memory Card**](react_js/project_memory_card.md)
8. [Router](react_js/router.md)
9. [React Testing Part 1](react_js/react_testing_part_one.md)
10. [React Testing Part 2](react_js/react_testing_part_two.md)
11. [**Project: Shopping Cart**](react_js/project_shopping_cart.md)
12. [Advanced Concepts](react_js/advanced_concepts.md)
### JavaScript and the Backend

> 1. [Using BaaS For Your Back End](javascript_and_the_backend/using_baas_for_your_backend.md)

Reviewer: The BaaS lesson is exclusive to the Full Stack JavaScript path, whereas we have a "Using Ruby on Rails For Your Backend" lesson exclusive to the Full Stack Ruby on Rails path. We should update the README to reflect this:
```suggestion
1. - [Using BaaS For Your Back End](javascript_and_the_backend/using_baas_for_your_backend.md) (Exclusive to the Full Stack JavaScript path)
   - [Using Ruby on Rails For Your Back End](add_file_link_here) (Exclusive to the Full Stack Ruby on Rails path)
```

> 2. [**Project: Where's Waldo (A Photo Tagging App**](javascript_and_the_backend/javascript_and_the_backend/project_wheres_waldo_a_photo_tagging_app.md)

Reviewer: The link for Where's Waldo project is incorrect. It needs to be updated.

Author: I have changed the project's link in the newest commit !
